Are you listening?
Finally answered.
Dad...
Massimo...
Franco Iannone from the
Italian Treasury is coming to you.
I bet he wants to discuss their bonds.
I need to know how
Dominic will hold an auction.
I'll be back as soon
as I can. I'll do it.
Thank. Till. Take care of yourself.
Dominic would not have arranged an
auction if it had not been so important.
We must be in London. Not here.
It's not like you remember?
I don’t know why I came.
Maybe he wants to
make peace. He is dying.
This driveway is closed,
understand? I'm going home.
This is not the best place to
stay. And not the best time.
I didn’t come to rest. Go away.
Massimo Massimo Ruggiero?
Good afternoon. I'm glad to see you.
Did you come to your
father? Say him hello from me.
Thank.
You had the nerve to come back.
Drive through!
What was it?
They don’t like tourists here.
Many experts consider this
an important stage for Italy.
Weekly Bond Auction
is critical to its economic stability.
They say that the Ministry
of Economy plans to offer
from five to eight billion
euros in government bonds.
It is he? Franco Iannone.
On TV, he seems taller. Why
is Massimo interested in this?
Because it is interesting to Dominica.
How do I get into a deal?
Find out who is selling Chris Bailey,
and get rid of him. Ask Oliver.
Never. He knows.
Are you asking me for help?
I need a name. You ask me for help!
Do not bully your nose.
Richard had to leave today, and I'm
replacing him in a deal with Yannone.
Who said? And where did Richard go?
Family problems. And
considering that Mr. Yannone
puts up five billion in Italian bonds,
It was worth immediately
calling me. Truth?
Why is this?
At a minimum, I am your best seller.
Dad!
Massimo! Come on. Come here.
You look awful.
Is this girl with you? Yes.
You always loved the cute ones.
How do you feel?
I would be better if
everyone lagged behind me.
Hush hush.
Since they want to transfer you to
Rome, there is a reason. Is not it so?
I lived at home and die at home.
I'm not one of those who run away.
I'll be back.
Well?
I have to stay here. Okay.
Wait for me at home. I
will come as soon as I can.
Good.
Good morning. What happened?
Massimo Ruggiero is back.
Italy must sell bonds worth
which is equivalent to
all the debt of Greece.
Italy is huge!
This campaign against us
should generate mistrust.
To complicate the
financing of public debt.
PIIGS. Disgusting name.
Yes, not the best term.
But you have to face the truth -
even Reintaler dumps Italian debt.
The last auction was not easy,
we almost went negative.
This time one cannot
make the slightest mistake.
And what do you suggest?
Reduce the offer, raise the price.
This will be a sign of weakness.
Sensing fear, the market can kill.
I can’t take that risk.
We must make sure
that the bonds will
leave at a decent price.
Eleanor will take care of
you. Profitability peaked.
I am sure we will sell all
bonds at the market price.
Well... For the cause! Mr. Yannone.
Many thanks. See you later.
- See you later.
I beg. Bye.
Make an appointment with customers.
Only in person. That
no one would know.
Lower the price. Name
half that we offered him.
But we promised to keep the
price? We must serve the customers.
The Italian government
is also our client.
If the auction goes wrong,
Italy will become Greece.
But ten times worse.
This is your opportunity to prove your
worth to the bank after tricks with VAR.
How is Massimo?
I think it’s normal.
Where is he?
Just like you,
I can only guess, Mr. Morgan.
No one denies that
the country is in crisis.
But we must overcome it together.
Ten years ago Naples...
And I thought I lost you.
I protect our investments. Where?
In a fishing village
on the Amalfi Coast.
Ltd! Clear.
Father Massimo is dying.
And he took you with him?
We need him in London. I
gain his trust, remember?
You yourself ordered to
follow him like a shadow.
Use this trust to get answers.
This is what I do.
You know, Sofia, I think
You missed something in the CDO docs.
And what did I miss?
You must give me answers
before I ask a question.
Otherwise, I will find them myself.
Massimo again? I'm in the ass.
Dominic wants me to lower
the prices of Italian bonds.
To ruin the government?
So say Massimo!
And he forbade me to do this! But
Dominic gave me a direct order...
You're really in the ass.
And if I persuade all customers
to buy them at the same price?
Low but not quite. Then I do
not need to argue with Dominic
or say Massimo. Smart move
but if at least one decides to bring
down the price, you are doubly worried.
So tell me Massimo or not?
No idea. Thanks for the help, Kalim!
Already leaving?
To your fellow bankers?
What do you want?
Death has only one plus -
there is time to think.
So what did you decide?
Come here.
Nearer. Before his death
I would like to fix everything.
Speak.
The bank wants to pick up my boats.
He takes everything that I could earn.
I will not give them
boats! I’ll burn them soon!
If you needed money, I would send.
I don’t need your money.
I want the bank behind me.
They are your friends. Good.
More than twenty percent
of the population of Europe
may now be below the poverty line.
Hey. Hey.
What happened?
In the afternoon,
someone threw a stone at the window.
I think this is for you, your father.
But why should he threaten?
He suffered like everyone else.
I dont know.
Do not you know? No.
Okay. And-and-and what will we do?
Let's talk with the mayor
about father’s boats.
And then get the hell outta
here. Didn’t you hurt you?
No.
Eleanor Borg,
NYL. I promised you a great deal!
Let's talk over coffee.
Hello, this is Eleanor! I
have a great offer for you.
Not for everyone.
Fine! Let's talk later.
This is reliable and
confidential information.
Very interesting. Fine!
This is reliable and
confidential information.
This is Eleanor from NYL! Are you OK?
This is reliable and
confidential information.
Authentic and confidential. Authentic.
This is Eleanor, from NYL. NYL
I have a great offer. Great! Super!
This is reliable and
confidential information.
After 2008, I was insulted
even at my children's school.
I was considered a criminal
only because I worked at a bank.
Auction fraud only
confirms their suspicions.
I only offer the VIP
client a suitable price.
But what about other VIP
customers? What's wrong with them?
You offered them the same price.
Do you know what money
which your bank takes
from the Italian government,
Can I pay to teachers and doctors?
You work for a private foundation,
not a government.
Is it a matter of patriotism?
Heck!
Massimo Welcome home.
Hi Vincenzo.
I heard your father
is sick. I'm sorry.
This is Sofia. Vincenzo Manfredi.
Glad to meet you. Sofia.
Massimo and I were best friends.
A long time ago.
Father says banks are
taking his business for debt.
Excuse me,
can we talk privately with Massimo?
Thank. Come on in.
Massimo
not only your father has problems.
Our whole town suffered.
I had to cut funding for cooperatives,
kindergartens and schools.
All problems are due to
agreements signed with the bank.
They were signed by the
previous administration.
Representatives of the bank
came here and began to talk.
About derivatives and other things.
Massimo, I don’t understand
a damn thing about that.
Every year we have to pay 50 thousand
euros. And we don’t have them.
What?
Not fifty thousand.
What are you talking about? I'm talking
about the amount of half a million.
If interest rates continue to rise,
and it’s possible, it will be even more
difficult for you to repay the debt.
This means that our
city will go bankrupt.
Your mother...
Massimi Hi, Ste.
I thought you would no
longer dare to come here.
But here they are - important bumps...
The mayor of the city and
the millionaire. Enough Stefano!
Shut up yourself.
Are you asking for trouble?
I do not need them.
Then you better leave.
I swear to Madonna, I’ll see
you again - I’ll kill you. Freak.
Let's go guys!
Italy has returned to the bond market,
but despite
what the European Central Bank
has been buying in recent weeks
Italian debt bonds to increase
the percentage of yield,
demand for these
bonds was very modest...
You thought that I would
not know about your setup?
We are a bank.
We bring profit to
customers as we can.
I represent the state,
not the company,
which you can buy or sell.
Countries are companies.
And Italy is on the
verge of bankruptcy.
The auction would have
failed without our setups.
You have no principles!
With all due respect, it’s not for
you to talk to us about principles.
For many years, we have declared high demand
for your bonds, although this is not true.
Our private debt is one
of the lowest in the world.
Everyone in Italy has their
own home and social security.
Wealth not taxed is useless.
We made a difficult
decision... A difficult decision?
Your politicians have been running public
debt for thirty years, buying elections.
Restructuring,
cost reduction - all in vain.
You can blame it on anyone you want.
But the next auction
we will not hold with you.
Someone told him what we had in mind.
Who was that?
Probably Mr. Sarti. It is your fault.
No, it's my fault that I
gave Eleanor this task.
Sorry, what? Massimo claimed
that she has no equal in sales.
Probably,
other factors influenced his judgment.
Check out my track record.
I earned for this company
millions, but didn’t get a raise
due to the death of the boss!
So, you know what? Sorry,
you have crossed all borders.
Hey! I care about the results!
If you are a pro, prove it!
And find out the
relationship elsewhere.
Get out!
This is an internal document of the
investment bank New York - London.
I want you to study every
page under a magnifying glass
and found me something.
What should I look for?
Substitutional assets associated
with nuclear power plants in Moldova.
For the cause.
You can help him.
But I don’t know if I want to.
Let me tell you.
This town is an exact copy of the
place in Argentina where I grew up.
And the same thing happened there.
Bankers came, took all the money.
People suffered and perished.
Those like my brother
suffered and perished.
But these are not my
relatives. Not your loved ones?
Yes, because you're better than them,
Massimo?
You have such a
wonderful life... Come on...
Lucky you.
Even if this city is not your
hometown, this is your homeland.
These are the people you grew up with.
And it’s not at all difficult for you.
See who came.
What the hell are you doing here?
I want to talk. There
is nothing to talk about.
After so many years
you have no questions?
No. None?
Even how much do I get? I don’t
even know exactly how much.
When the salary
reaches a certain amount,
stop counting.
Mostly because I make money,
just by clicking on the
button on the keyboard.
Then what do you want?
And here you plow like slaves.
How? In a day I will earn so much
how much are you in your whole life.
Can you imagine Can you not?
What's wrong with
that? I understood you!
Get out, Massimi.
Do you remember that your father
died because of me? Or forgot?
Come on, Stefano!
Stop it, Massimi!
Yes, and one more thing... Shut up!
I said shut up!
I didn’t feel anything, Ste!
Come again,
for father. Another blow for your dad.
Don't you dare talk about my father,
hear?
Hey Stefano...
Get it, silly!
Enough! - Freak! Enough!
Your boyfriend is a killer!
Dont touch him!
Didn’t you know?
He is a killer!
Get out, Massimo!
Come on.
I tried, Stefano. I tried,
but the current was too strong.
I could not.
But I tried.
Go away.
Go back to London, to your money.
You are not welcome here,
do you understand?
Go away Go away
Come on. Massimo, let's go.
Why are you staring, huh?
Come on...
You can leave a message...
Naples is choking on trash.
The last time he was taken
out a week before Christmas.
Italian government says
local councils are to blame
and organized crime.
Ten years ago in Naples...
Heck. Where is Massimo? - Hell knows.
You always do what he asks?
Good night, Oliver.
You owe me a favor.
And now I'm waiting for the answer.
How many times a day do guys glue you?
ABOUT! Who knows? In the
beginning it was much worse.
And now you have achieved everything,
and everyone is behind?
Now everything is different.
If something important breaks down,
it is because the woman freaked out.
Ha. And how are you doing?
This time is bad.
Means
if you can’t bring this
Sarti back to business,
do you have a cap
For years, built a career,
and that’s it.
But still...
thank.
Italy's economy cannot collapse!
Yes, this is a large economy,
but money is needed to save it.
Italy is embroiled in a debt crisis.
This is the largest economy...
How bad is the Italian economy doing?
This is a tough time. And
we were in an emergency.
We must act with
maximum determination,
without looking for
excuses or loopholes.
We know that partly
the cause of this crisis
is not ability and not desire...
Hey. How are you? Let me have a look.
Everything is fine.
What did you achieve?
Wanted to punish yourself?
I do not know.
Stefano said you killed his father.
He drowned.
When we stole his boat.
Who are we?
Vincenzo and I.
Vincenzo, who is the mayor?
Yes.
Talk to me. Tell me what happened.
How long have you been here?
Two years.
How did father Stefano
end up in the water?
He chased us in a boat.
We wanted to crash into it.
I screamed for Vincenzo to slow down,
but he did not hear me
because of the roar of the motor.
It is not your fault.
You were still a boy.
The judge decided otherwise.
And what was Vincenzo?
Nothing. What does it mean nothing?
Vincenzo's father
was very influential.
He would not let his son
sit down for the murder.
So he paid my father
to cover Vincenzo.
We lived very poorly.
He took this money,
and bought the first boat on it.
And everyone kept their mouth shut.
To punish me alone.
The boy who killed Stefano's father.
They say they make good
Italian coffee here, Mr... Sarti...
Do we know each other?
I work at a New York-London bank.
Your colleague called
for reinforcements.
Listen, don’t stop me
from enjoying espresso...
I have been working
at the bank recently.
But you have been in this
business for a long time, right?
It’s not easy.
Constant pressure, risks, fraud.
It's hard for anyone
like you to bear it.
You don't know anything about me.
I know that last year you
wanted to get into the IMF,
to work where you wouldn’t
have to get your hands dirty.
Where you could change something.
What are you getting at,
mister? Harris - Harris.
Oliver Harris.
But you were not accepted
into the Monetary Fund last year.
And my boss, Dominic Morgan,
possesses tremendous power.
Do a favor to Mr. Morgan and his bank,
and in return we will help you.
In Italy, this is called corruption.
And here...
this is called mutual assistance.
Massimo, what happened?
Met Stefano.
Could you deal with these bankers?
Yes.
Did you think about that?
About what? About what happened.
What happened?
Have you thought about
what you did to me?
But look at how you became.
You have succeeded.
The prison tempered you.
You have to thank me.
I’ll deal with bankers.
But on one condition.
What is Sarti doing here? You two,
to Mr. Morgan’s office. Alive.
You betrayed me? Remember,
you did it all yourself.
Sorry, let's get back to this later,
okay?
Thank. Good.
Come on in. Have a seat.
Gentlemen, Massimo Ruggiero.
Sarti came.
Oliver told me that
you offered him a bribe.
Place in the IMF.
Mr. Morgan, I... Too trite
but effective.
Sarti will be silent. Congratulations.
I did my job,
Mr. Morgan. You're doing fine.
So, that’s it. Thanks to all.
How did you make them
change the conditions?
Their documents were
not compiled correctly.
Surely you hate me for what happened.
You were only thirteen, Vincenzo.
My father left me no choice;
He defended his reputation.
When they put you in
until his death he did
not look at me as before.
Will you come to the hospital with me?
I beg you, Massimo.
No one should know! What will
it change after so many years?
Think of my family!
I’m the mayor of hell!
You speak like your father.
When your father put the blame on you,
you could refuse.
But you needed money
to leave here. To run away.
I came at the request of your father.
I give my boats to you.
All five pieces.
In addition to the first,
she remains my family.
It belongs to Massimo.
And everything else - nets,
hooks and gear -
this is all yours.
Thanks, Aeneas,
but I cannot accept them.
Everything is already framed.
You think it's that simple?
Will you give me the
boats and leave for London?
Think what you want.
If boats are not needed,
burn them. Anything.
I thought I trimmed you harder.
What exactly did you say
to Monsieur Berlusconi?
Did he promise you
new reforms in Italy?
He... could he dispel your
fears? Everybody knows,
that the rating agencies
of the "Big Three"
still conducting an
assessment of Italy.
Who made you lower the price?
I had no choice,
Massimo. You know. Truth?
Yes. I know.
Till.
What?
Dominic attacks Italy. Other
countries will follow suit.
When will you be back? I dont know.
I’ll linger here for a while.
You did the right thing.
For the sake of the
city. For your sake.
Too bad you need to go
back to London. Me too.
We can escape to some island.
Do you want with me?
Have a good rest?
Where is Massimo? Stayed in Italy.
He is with his father.
So what happened?
CDO papers. Why didn’t
you say that you have them?
You rummaged through my
things. Please answer the question.
You don't trust me anymore?
Bond Collateral - Fake Assets
and an abandoned nuclear power plant.
You said that you didn’t
find anything in Moldova.
That's right, I didn’t find
it. What about your photos?
The station is abandoned
but the score was consistent
with government records.
So this is not a forgery.
Well. You could tell me.
You could ask.
But the rest of the assets are dummy,
then this is evidence of a conspiracy,
which could destroy Dominic
Morgan and the fucking NYL.
That's great. Yes. Great.
You're staying?
Yes.
I did it
to get out of poverty.
In my place you would do the same.
Do not hold evil.
You are just like me.
Italy's debt reaches record levels
since the conclusion of the
transaction with the eurozone.
The country had to offer
such a payback ratio,
which has not existed since
joining the single currency.
Italy now promises yield
of more than six percent
compared to 5.8 a month ago.
Italy could be the next victim
of the European debt crisis.
Investors are betting,
that the days of Silvio Berlusconi as
prime minister are already numbered.
I did this to stop
another attack on Italy
and protect her from
financial speculation.
Is this the very moment
when the curtain falls
and put an end to the theater
of one actor Silvio Berlusconi?
Mr Berlusconi finally resigned.
If the worst happens,
Are you claiming that it is too
expensive to save Italy? Wait a minute!
Italy's economy did not seem large
when it was accepted into the eurozone.
And not big enough to save now.
Why then was she invited?